Update name resolution docs (#4007)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/configuration/configuration-overview.md

See [Middleware pipelines]({{< ref "middleware.md" >}}) for more information

> #### Name resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Name resolution component  
```

> You can set name resolution within the Configuration YAML. Set the `spec.nameResolution.component` property to `"sqlite"`, then pass configuration options in the `spec.nameResolution.configuration` dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set name resolution component to use within the configuration YAML. For examples, to set the `spec.nameResolution.component` property to `"sqlite"`, pass configuration options in the `spec.nameResolution.configuration` dictionary as shown below.
```

> This is the basic example of a Configuration resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the basic example of a configuration resource:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Configuration 
metadata:
  name: appconfig
spec:
  nameResolution:
    component: "sqlite"
    version: "v1"
    configuration:
      connectionString: "/home/user/.dapr/nr.db"
```

> See [the Name Resolution spec documentation]({{< ref supported-name-resolution >}}) and the [Configuration YAML documentation]({{< ref configuration-schema.md >}}) to learn more about how to configure name resolution per component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See each [the name resolution component documentation]({{< ref supported-name-resolution >}}) for more examples and the [Configuration YAML documentation]({{< ref configuration-schema.md >}}) to learn more about how to configure name resolution per component.
```
